USER MANUAL

This is a webpage display a different image of our universe with a brief explanation written by a astronomer. 

How to use webpage:
1. Today's image is automatically displayed when user accesses page.

2. Subcribe form:
    -Send us email to receive notifications of new images and exciting discoveries in astronomy every day.
    -Email will be stored in user collection in MongoDB.
    -If an email already existed in collection, a message "This email was used. Seem like you already subcribed to our website" will be displayed, that email will not be stored again.
    
3. Search forms:
    Users can search for images in two ways:
    
    1.Form: Search Picture of Date:
        -Submitting a date (YYYY-MM-DD), then a button showing image's title + image's date will appear in the image list.
        -Details including title, copyright of image, and an explanation are automatically displayed.
        -If user sends empty date, today's image will be displayed.
        
    2. Form: Search Images Between Dates:
        -Submitting a start date (YYYY-MM-DD) and an end date (YYYY-MM-DD), then a list of button will be displayed.
        -Details of first image of the list will be automatically displayed.
        -Users can change to any image of the list by clicking on the button.
        
    Note: DATE must be between 1996-06-16 and today.
    
4. Image List:
    This is where search results are displayed.

5. Details pannel:
    
    1. Image Info:
        A Title,
        Image,
        Copyright of image,
        Explanation
    
    2. Comment section:
        Each image has a comment collection.
        Comment Form:
            Nickname (can be empty): users provides a nickname to be displayed with their comments.
            Email (required): to receive updated comment list, new info of the image.
            Comment (required): users' opinion of the image.
        


        
COPYRIGHT, REFERENCES and CITATIONS:
    
    1.Third-party API: https://apodapi.herokuapp.com/ (found on this website https://github.com/public-apis/public-apis#science--math (NASA APOD (unofficial API) in Science&Math))
    
    2.Images Copyright, explantion text: these fields are included in the results returned by the api queries.The copyright of each image is retrieved from the JSON object and showed below the image on webpage.


        